all he needs to win just one more match to reach the title
30th of November
adds
thales stays out this time
three yellow cards
the opponent is the paysandu
great memories the team that defeated the cruise in the final of the
champions and in the first round of the Brazilian
It is a decisive game next to Alex's substitute.
unbalance hell
the first goal of the match
the best plays in the first half
2 in the second stage the crooked ask immortal leave the reserve and
enter the history of Brazil
aveiro 18 in the federal district
The ball is gone.
decide
or practically a success
since 2003
the goal of the game was known
do not ruin the party
the cruise won by 2 to 1
and to the fans performing their best ability to involve two years
they in the grandstands punished be assumed
thousands of yellow stars
in the field, players celebrated the most important title in
mine
olive tree coast the growing demand
vicente reveals
several times national champion is an achievement of the triple crown
the first time
state championship
the cup of brazil in a Brazilian championship the same year
planning does not matter
we used this condition to the presidency of the cruise 95 I had a real
obsession with constant
and for a reason or bringing a weight bearing
this title viegas starting a wonderful way the athletic-go that
dream was now held by the Brazilian champion tite has that title is
is all Cruzeirense our board was a rescue but it is that 74 seconds
It was taken by half to commemorate and thank our
possible unlimited product support per year.
still there
in the great fight now wants to conquer the liberators and the title again
world